# IBQ-QQ-Auto-Modal

##### This is a small snippet of code that I built for IBQ's QuickQuote platform. The fields within our QuickQuote are set on the back end, therefore our front end makes GET's and POST's to the back end to GET the field values and POST the user input. Our Back End is also doing address validation and returning whether or not the address is invalid or a P.O. Box (we do not allow for P.O. boxes). With that being said, I was tasked with creating a modal that would display if a Bad Address is returned and a seperate modal if a P.O. box is returned. 

##### The Your Information page is the second page in our UI and the Address Fields are at the bottom of that UI so the data in the payload Object is all of the data collected from the user on the Your Information page. Once that data is sent to the /StartQuote endpoint if all ofthe data is present and the address is valid, the API will return a Quote number. A Quote Number is my indication that the user can successfully move on from the Your Information page. Otherwise if a Bad Address is returned then I display the modal with two options, the first of which beingcontinue with an invalid address. If a user chooses to continue with an invalid address then I re post the data with the flag "Verified":"Bad"which is an indication to the back end that the user is continuing with a bad address. If the user selects No I'll fix it then the Address lineis cleared and the user re submits to the endpoint. Since we do not allow P.O. boxes the P.O. box modal only has one button "Okay" which alsoclears the address line.

##### This project was built using JavaScript, jQuery, CSS, HTML, and jQuery Modal.